milestones
1.  Login page and register page with frontend done
    done with the backend for these two pages
2.  Made verify and signup pages and their backend (routing only)
3.  Made a working system where after entering their university email
    they will be sent an automated code via flask mail and gmail's smtp service
    then they will be redirected to a verify page, where they will have to enter the code.
    Only after matching will the user be allowed to register for an account on the platform,
    and will be asked to enter a password and confirm their password.
4.  Understood how to connect with a mysql server, and working with mysql to store a basic first table
    called user_auth, which would contain the user emails and their passwords
5.  added hashing of passwords, so its safer in a database
6.  So for the implementation of the toggle for light and dark mode, I made a button that has an image that
    switches between a moon icon for dark mode and a sun icon for light mode. The script element is in the head,
    so I put DOMContentLoaded, so that the javascript logic will only begin
    after the entire document object model loads. 
    So first part of the js code was basically making sure that by default the users page looks a certain way, 
    as their browser must have set, and the second part (on click onwards) is for everytime the button is pressed. 
    Specifically, when the button is pressed or toggled, we get the attribute that contained theme in the 
    html tag (document.documentElement) to check what it is, if it is dark we change it to light, and vice versa. 
    Everytime we also reassign the local storage so that after refreshes, the users preferences stay intact.
7.  abstracted away the hashing method to make it private, in the instances folder with the help of a python file,
    and then imported that function through its module. For reference, from instance.hashing import hashing, 
    means import the function hashing from the hashing file present in the instance folder
8.  added responsive design for most parts if not all, and also added retry verification and an account
    creation tab, so that the user could click on the tabs and retry entering the appropriate inputs.
    this handles user end errors gracefully.

7.  implement a forgot password mechanism, and also a maybe a try again near the verify page
8.  learn about how to implement a tooltip in css for light and dark mode, only on hover
test
9. make the html css responsive
10. can my instances file describe the db? ask chatgpt and write in the instamnmces folder maybe make a notes file
11. add a drop down menu for all the navbar tabs like raisegate to hide tabs when reducing the size of the window.
this should make it look better on smaller devices.
13. system to validate people's skills do they really have those skills?

edit the font size for all the headers with media queries
make the profile page responsive, aned make a separate page for editing details 
check about licenses and open source and then even deciding whether schemas should be public

limit to size of what user uploads in pic, and also the secure file thing, and also tell user to only upload jpeg, jpg or png
report button with reason

make sure the file uploaded is safe via werkzueg and also make sure users can only upload safe links, and further maybe 
only intragram, github or linkedin, moslty just do these 3

the filter in search could be search by name, interests, skills, soft skills with the default being search skills

work on the backend, that would involve setting the default search and template to skills, and te=hen having an if else for the rest

Check out railway for hosting the project

ability for users to handle their data and account, as in delete their account, change password, or remove profile pic